---
title: Community
---

Any questions after reading the [FAQ](faq)? Consider joining
us with a cup of coffee, or similar. Termux is a distributed community
worldwide. Here are a few ways to get in touch:

## Official communities

- **Website**\
  https://termux.com

- **GitHub**\
  https://github.com/termux

- **Gitter**\
  https://gitter.im/termux/termux

- **Discord**\
  https://discord.gg/HXpF69X

- **IRC**\
  Channel [#termux](irc://irc.libera.chat:6697/termux) on [libera.chat](https://libera.chat)

- **Mailing list**\
  [termux+subscribe@groups.io](https://groups.io/g/termux)

- **Reddit**\
  https://www.reddit.com/r/termux

- **Facebook**\
  https://facebook.com/termux

- **Twitter**\
  https://twitter.com/termux

- **Telegram**\
  https://telegram.me/termux24x7

### Rules

Official communities are curated by [Termux
developers](https://github.com/orgs/termux/people) or by trusted person.
Each community follows these rules with no exceptions unless specified
otherwise:

1. **Please use English.**

Our community is international and English here is a standardized
language which makes easier to follow conversations.

2. **Use of Termux for disruptive activity is not tolerated.**

Any kind of representing Termux as a tool for hacking, phishing and
other potentially disruptive activity is strongly discouraged. Termux
has never been developed for the purpose of being "cyber weapon". We do
not provide assistance with hacking, phishing, denial-of-service
attacks, spamming, and so on. If you are interested in such activity -
you are on your own. Entirely, without any help from our side.

Publications violating this rule will be deleted. Users violating this
rule may receive a permanent ban.

Most importantly: we would not care whether your have permission for
this activity or not; whether you are doing it for educational purposes,
fun or profit; whether you are attempting to hack own account or
someone's else.

3. **Explicitly toxic behavior, trolling and flood are not tolerated.**

Deliberate offensiveness against specific persons or whole community, as
well as any behavior aimed at disrupting conversations, is strongly
discouraged.

Publications violating this rule will be deleted. Users violating this
rule may receive a temporary or permanent ban.

4. **Our topic is Termux, its use cases, user experience and content
   share.**

Our communities are solely about Termux, its use cases, usage experience
and content produced by community members.

Little off-topic is okay, but abuse of or community for gathering
knowledge about custom ROMs, custom kernels, Android OS, networking,
programming, general computer science and basics is strongly
discouraged. If you are looking for help with topic that is not directly
connected with Termux project, please consider looking into more
suitable communities and Internet resources.

Off-topic publications will be removed. Publications with inappropriate
content (nsfw, gambling, lotteries, etc) will lead to permanent ban of
their author.

## Other (non-official) communities

Here is a list of non-official communities. Termux developers are not
responsible about any information or misinformation, site links and
files distributed in these communities.

- **Facebook Group**\
  https://facebook.com/groups/termux

- **Telegram Chinese community**\
  https://telegram.me/Termux_CN

- **Telegram Ethiopian community**\
  https://telegram.me/Et_Termux_community

- **Telegram Spanish community**\
  https://t.me/termux_es

- **QQ Chinese community**\
  https://jq.qq.com/?_wv=1027&k=ylRxQK7Z
